---------------------
Plugins and software:
Keyboard
Pygame
Random
Os
PySimplyGUI
Tkinter
Python 3
Time
Pip
Git
---------------------
rules for each game

Roulette
    There are three types of bets - inside bets, outside bets andf random bets. 
    There are 36 slots so make sure when entering bets to enter a valid number. 

    Outside bets:
    in this type of bet player can bet on five different things:
    color = if the ball lands on a red or a black place
    odd and even numbers = of the ball lands on an odd of an even number.
    low and high = if the bal lands on a numbers from 1 to 18 or from  19 to 36
    dozens = a player can bet on groups of numbers. (1-12),(13-24) and (25-36)
    columns = you bet on what column the ball will land

    Inside bets:
    In this type of bet one bets on number spots.
    Straight up bet = a players bets on a single number
    Split bet = a player bets on 2 numbers
    Street bet = a player bets on 3 numbers
    Corner bet = a player bats on 4 numbers
    Line bet = a player bets on 6 numbers


    Random bets:
    A player can enter any number they want the only limit is that they can bet only up to 18 numbers. 
----------------
Poker
    There are many combinations a player can bet on

    Royal Flush - A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit.
    Straight Flush - Five cards of the same suit in numerical order.
    Four of a Kind - Four cards of the same rank and one side card, or kicker.
    Full House - Three cards of the same rank and two cards of another rank.
    Flush - Any five cards of the same suit, not in numerical order.
    Straight - Five cards in numerical order, but not of the same suit.
    Three of a Kind - Three cards of the same rank and two side cards.
    Two Pair - Two cards of one rank, two cards of another rank, and one side card.
    One Pair - Two cards of the same rank and three side cards.
    High Card - When no other hand is made, the highest-ranking card in a player's hand is used to determine the winner.
  

-----------------
Russian Roulette
    The rules for a russian roulette are simple. The player is given a gun, in there are 6 slots and 1 of them contains a bullet. 
    If the player is lucky and doesn't get killed, they will earn a financial reward. 
-----------------
Slots
    A player bets a certain amound of money and runs the machine and he will get a group of three numbers. 
    Depending on if three or two numbers are the same and what numbers are they, the player will get win a 
    different amount of money. 
